README.md, before:

# Try .NET <img src ="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2546640/56708992-deee8780-66ec-11e9-9991-eb85abb1d10a.png" width="80px" alt="dotnet bot in space" align ="right">
|| [**Contribution Guidelines**](#contribution-guidelines) || [**Table of contents**](#table-of-contents) || [**Customers & Partners**](#customers--partners) ||

![Try_.NET Enabled](https://img.shields.io/badge/Try_.NET-Enabled-501078.svg)


[![Build Status](https://dev.azure.com/dnceng/public/_apis/build/status/dotnet/try/try-ci?branchName=master)](https://dev.azure.com/dnceng/public/_build/latest?definitionId=495&branchName=master)

## Welcome to the Try .NET repo.

Try .NET provides developers and content authors with tools to create interactive experiences.

There are different flavors of  Try .NET interactive experiences, from the web experience powered by Blazor (as seen on [Microsoft docs](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/tutorials/intro-to-csharp/hello-world)), to interactive documentation for .NET Core with the [dotnet try global tool](DotNetTry.md), to [.NET Jupyter Notebooks](Notebook.md). 

## Flavors of Try .NET 

### Try .NET Online

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2546640/57144765-c850cc00-6d8f-11e9-982d-50d2b6dc3591.gif" width="60%">

### Interactive .NET Core documentation with the `dotnet try` global tool

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2546640/57158389-47a2c780-6db1-11e9-96ad-8c6e9ab52853.png" width="52%">

### Jupyter Notebooks with .NET

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2546640/67889988-3b13e780-fb26-11e9-91a1-48d5972b5df2.png" width="60%">
<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2546640/67912370-1b99b080-fb60-11e9-9839-0058d02488cf.png" width="52%">

## Table of Contents
- [Getting Started with Try .NET](DotNetTry.md): Interactive documentation generator for .NET Core.
- [Getting started with .NET Jupyter Notebooks](Notebook.md) : Write and run .NET code in Jupyter Notebooks

## Contribution Guidelines

As we are still in the early stages of our development, we are unable to take any feature PRs at the moment, but we intend to do so in the future.
If you find an issue or have a feature suggestion, please open an [issue](https://github.com/dotnet/try/issues/new/choose). And if you have any feature suggestions, please submit them using the "community suggestions" label.

## Customers & Partners
| Microsoft Docs   |    [Azure Synapse Analytics ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/synapse-analytics/)   |Azure HDInsight (HDI)  |
|----------|:-------------:|:-------------:|
|Microsoft Docs uses [Try .NET](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/tutorials/intro-to-csharp/hello-world) to create interactive documentation. Users can run and edit .NET code in the browser. | Azure Synapse Analytics uses the .NET kernel to write and run quick ad-hoc queries in addition to developing complete, end-to-end big data scenarios, such as reading in data, transforming it, and visualizing it|You can launch Jupyter notebooks from your HDInsight cluster to run big data queries against the compute resources in that cluster. |

Commit message:

Updated the readme file for the Try .NET Repo
Removed all the Jupyter information from the readme file

README.md, after:

# Try .NET <img src ="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2546640/56708992-deee8780-66ec-11e9-9991-eb85abb1d10a.png" width="80px" alt="dotnet bot in space" align ="right">
|| [**Contribution Guidelines**](#contribution-guidelines) || [**Table of contents**](#table-of-contents) || [**Customers & Partners**](#customers--partners) ||

![Try_.NET Enabled](https://img.shields.io/badge/Try_.NET-Enabled-501078.svg)


[![Build Status](https://dev.azure.com/dnceng/public/_apis/build/status/dotnet/try/try-ci?branchName=master)](https://dev.azure.com/dnceng/public/_build/latest?definitionId=495&branchName=master)

## Welcome to the Try .NET repo.

Try .NET provides developers and content authors with tools to create interactive experiences.

There are different experiencs of  Try .NET interactive experiences, from the web experience powered by Blazor (as seen on [Microsoft docs](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/tutorials/intro-to-csharp/hello-world)), to interactive documentation for .NET Core with the [dotnet try global tool](DotNetTry.md). 

## Experiences  

### Online, powered by Blazor

Microsoft Docs uses Try .NET to create interactive documentation. Users can run and edit code all in the browser.

_**Please Note**: At the moment, the Try .NET online (`trydotnet.js API`) is currently only used internally at Microsoft as seen on docs and [.NET page](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/learn/dotnet/in-browser-tutorial/1)._

<img src ="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2546640/57144765-c850cc00-6d8f-11e9-982d-50d2b6dc3591.gif" width = "80%">

### Interactive .NET Core documentation with the `dotnet try` global tool

Try .NET enables .NET developers to create interactive markdown files.
To make your markdown files interactive, you will need to [.NET Core 3.0 SDK](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download/dotnet-core/3.0), the dotnet try global tool and [Visual Studio](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/) / [VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/)(or any other editor of your choice). 

<img src ="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2546640/57158389-47a2c780-6db1-11e9-96ad-8c6e9ab52853.png" width = "80%">

## Table of Contents
- [Getting Started with Try .NET](DotNetTryLocal.md): Interactive documentation generator for .NET Core.


## Contribution Guidelines

As we are still in the early stages of our development, we are unable to take any feature PRs at the moment, but we intend to do so in the future.
If you find an issue or have a feature suggestion, please open an [issue](https://github.com/dotnet/try/issues/new/choose). And if you have any feature suggestions, please submit them using the "community suggestions" label.

## Customers & Partners

**Microsoft Docs**  

Microsoft Docs uses [Try .NET](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/tutorials/intro-to-csharp/hello-world) to create interactive documentation. Users can run and edit .NET code in the browser.
